


My name ishttps://getemoji.com/ Vihaan Khatri, I’m 28 years old and I live in Kolkata. A week ago I bought a new Bentley, as it’s six months since I worked at the car wash and barely had enough to feed my family. Now I’m going to tell you how a casual meeting changed my life and gave me the chance to earn $2000 a day.

I’ll tell you a little about myself. Poverty – that’s how I would describe my whole life. My parents lived in poverty, I never went to university. After finishing school, I went to work at a car wash. When I was young, my salary was sufficient for me. But when I got married and my daughter was born, I started getting into serious financial problems and permanent debt. What to do – I had no idea; the debts were mounting but I couldn’t quit the job because it was my only source of income..


One afternoon a new BMW drove into the car wash. A young man stepped out of the car, he looked to be around 18 to 19. I was always amazed how young people could earn so much money. I said to myself quietly: “What do you have to do to drive a car like that?” But he heard me and laughed. “Binary options” – he said and went away.

Those two words changed my life forever. When I got home, I sat down at the computer and started looking for some mentions of binary options. And so, a month passed: during the day I would work at the car wash, and by night I would read dozens of forums to understand how to use binary options.

I found the Olymp Trade web page and registered on there for free. They let me open a demo account for $10,000 using virtual money, as well as providing free instructions. This helped me a lot in the beginning, when I still didn’t know how to work with binary options and I didn’t want to invest my own money.

On the Olymp Trade web page, all the calculations are done in US dollars I received the payments in US dollars as well.

After two or three weeks, there was $10,000 in my account. The only problem was that this was only some algorithms on the screen, I couldn’t actually withdraw any cash. That was when I decided to invest $100 in my account. I don’t trust some of the Internet web pages, so I didn’t want to risk too much.


That night I didn’t sleep much – I traded all night, then I went to work. And guess what? That night I earned $153! All day at work, all I could think of was binary options. As soon as I got back home, I sat down at the computer, but tiredness got the better of me. That night I didn’t trade much – I earned just $33 and went to sleep. I remember those days well, the only thing that mattered to me was binary options – I would arrive home and start trading right away. After a week, my account had $1220 in it!!! I know, it’s not a huge amount, but this was only the beginning; I didn’t dare trade using large sums of money.


I thought I’d better checkout the web page, so I sent a transfer of all my money ($1220) to a card. An hour later, I received a telephone message saying that the money was in my card! I was happy. After that, I invested $500 in my account and started dealing more boldly. After two weeks I had earned $10,000, and within a month I had left work. After that, I paid of all my debts and for the first time in my life, I took a vacation with my family to rest.


This didn’t stop me trading though, because to earn money, all I needed was a laptop, or a mobile phone with Internet access. When we returned home, I bought myself BENTLEY and decided to write this blog just for you – workers like I was, who are fed up of working every day from morning until night, for a measly wage. Remember that life wasn’t given to us for that. Register now, and be sure to complete the instruction course in the demo account without risking losing real money. Nowadays, I don’t see any real way to earn money while sitting at the computer or telephone, except binary options. After buying the BENTLEY, there was still $27,183 left over in my account. My goal was to earn $300,000 by the summer and buy a house for my beloved family. Good luck everyone, and thank you for your attention.


So what do you need to do to start earning money?
First, open an account with a broker by clicking here (you’ll need to enter your name, email address, phone number, password, choose the account currency and tick to show your agreement; click Register).
Step-by-step you’ll be shown 7 tips describing what’s displayed on your account. Look through all the material by pressing «NEXT STEP» after every description.
Now for the interesting part! A strategy for making a profit!

Now that you have an account with a broker, you need a 100%-profitable strategy. It’s recommended to start with the “up-down” strategy – it’s so simple, anyone can understand it and use it!

First, you need to pick a currency pair: EUR / USD works well here.

Get ready for your first trade: set a time of 1 minute and an amount of $1.
